=head1 NAME

Blosxom Plug-in: readinglist

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Allows the creation of lists for reading in progress, recently completed,
and queued.  Creates the following variables which may be inserted in
your templates:

  * $readinglist::recent
  * $readinglist::queued
  * $readinglist::current

Books are tracked as normal bloxsom entries, with meta- variables for
additional information.  Ex:

  The Confusion
  meta-title: The Confusion
  meta-author: Neal Stephenson
  meta-isbn: 0060523867
  ... Your review (optional) ...

If a review is present, then a normal blosxom entry will be generated from
file, as well as it being included in the reading list.  Otherwise, the file
will be removed from the entries list (i.e., it will appear in the reading
list, but not in the main blog.)

=head1 VERSION

0.01

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

Requires the "meta" plugin

=head1 Customization

=head2 Configuration variables

C<$base_dir>, C<$queued_dir>, C<$current_dir>, C<$completed_dir> can be
modified to control which directories store the data files for books.  The
defaults are $bloxsom::datadir/books/{in_queue,current,completed}.

C<$num_queued>, C<$num_current>, C<$num_recent> specify the maximum
number of books to display in each category.  Setting these to C<undef>
indicated no limit.  The defaults are 5, undef, and 5, respectively.

C<$amazon_id> can be changed to your Amazon Associates ID, or you can
express your eternal gratitude to me by leaving it as it is ;-)

C<$debug_level> can be set to a value between 0 and 5; 0 will output
no debug information, while 5 will be very verbose.  The default is 2,
and should be changed after you've verified the plugin is working
correctly.

=head2 Templates

You can customize the HTML that is produced for each list using the
templates: C<readinglist.head.flavour>, C<readinglist.book.flavour>,
C<readinglist.foot.flavour>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Kevin Scaldeferri (kevin+blosxom at scaldeferri dot com)
L<http://kevin.scaldeferri.com/blog/>

=head1 BUGS

Probably; address bug reports and comments to me or to the Blosxom
mailing list L<http://www.yahoogroups.com/groups/blosxom>.

=head1 TODO

=over

=item * Provide a link to the review from the list

=item * Make list of lists to track configurable?

=back

=head1 LICENSE

readinglist Blosxom Plug-in
Copyright 2005, Kevin Scaldeferri

This code is released under the same license as Perl, namely the Artistic
License: L<http://www.perl.com/pub/a/language/misc/Artistic.html>.
(Note that this is different from the license which Blosxom is distributed
under.)


